the book of Haggai in the second year of
the book of Haggai in the second year of king darius in the sixth month on the
king darius in the sixth month on the
king darius in the sixth month on the first day of the month the word of the
first day of the month the word of the
first day of the month the word of the lord came by haggai the prophet to
lord came by haggai the prophet to
lord came by haggai the prophet to zerubbabel the son of shealtiel governor
zerubbabel the son of shealtiel governor
zerubbabel the son of shealtiel governor of judah and to joshua the son of
of judah and to joshua the son of
of judah and to joshua the son of josedech the high priest thus speaks the
josedech the high priest thus speaks the
josedech the high priest thus speaks the Lord of Hosts saying this people says
Lord of Hosts saying this people says
Lord of Hosts saying this people says the time has not come the time that the
the time has not come the time that the
the time has not come the time that the Lord's house should be built is it time
Lord's house should be built is it time
Lord's house should be built is it time for you yourselves to dwell in your
for you yourselves to dwell in your
for you yourselves to dwell in your paneled houses and this temple to lie in
paneled houses and this temple to lie in
paneled houses and this temple to lie in ruins
ruins
ruins now therefore thus says the Lord of
now therefore thus says the Lord of
now therefore thus says the Lord of hosts consider your ways you have sown
hosts consider your ways you have sown
hosts consider your ways you have sown much and bring in little you eat but do
much and bring in little you eat but do
much and bring in little you eat but do not have enough you drink but you are
not have enough you drink but you are
not have enough you drink but you are not filled with drink you clothe
not filled with drink you clothe
not filled with drink you clothe yourselves but no one is warm and he who
yourselves but no one is warm and he who
yourselves but no one is warm and he who earns wages earns wages to put into a
earns wages earns wages to put into a
earns wages earns wages to put into a bag with holes thus says the Lord of
bag with holes thus says the Lord of
bag with holes thus says the Lord of hosts consider your ways
hosts consider your ways
hosts consider your ways go up to the mountains and bring wood
go up to the mountains and bring wood
go up to the mountains and bring wood and build the temple that I may take
and build the temple that I may take
and build the temple that I may take pleasure in it and be glorified says the
pleasure in it and be glorified says the
pleasure in it and be glorified says the Lord you looked for much but indeed it
Lord you looked for much but indeed it
Lord you looked for much but indeed it came too little and when you brought it
came too little and when you brought it
came too little and when you brought it home
home
home I blew it away why says the Lord of
I blew it away why says the Lord of
I blew it away why says the Lord of Hosts because of my house that is in
Hosts because of my house that is in
Hosts because of my house that is in ruins while every one of you runs to his
ruins while every one of you runs to his
ruins while every one of you runs to his own house
own house
own house therefore the heavens above you withhold
therefore the heavens above you withhold
therefore the heavens above you withhold the dual and the earth withholds its
the dual and the earth withholds its
the dual and the earth withholds its fruit for I called for a drought on the
fruit for I called for a drought on the
fruit for I called for a drought on the land and the mountains on the grain and
land and the mountains on the grain and
land and the mountains on the grain and the new wine and the oil on whatever the
the new wine and the oil on whatever the
the new wine and the oil on whatever the ground brings falls on men and livestock
ground brings falls on men and livestock
ground brings falls on men and livestock and on all the labor of your hands then
and on all the labor of your hands then
and on all the labor of your hands then Zara bauble the son of shealtiel and
Zara bauble the son of shealtiel and
Zara bauble the son of shealtiel and joshua the son of josedech the high
joshua the son of josedech the high
joshua the son of josedech the high priest with all the remnant of the
priest with all the remnant of the
priest with all the remnant of the people obeyed the voice of the Lord
people obeyed the voice of the Lord
people obeyed the voice of the Lord their God and the words of haggai the
their God and the words of haggai the
their God and the words of haggai the prophet as the Lord their God had sent
prophet as the Lord their God had sent
prophet as the Lord their God had sent him and the people fear the presence of
him and the people fear the presence of
him and the people fear the presence of the Lord then Haggai the Lord's
the Lord then Haggai the Lord's
the Lord then Haggai the Lord's messenger spoke the Lord's message to
messenger spoke the Lord's message to
messenger spoke the Lord's message to the people I am with you says the Lord
the people I am with you says the Lord
the people I am with you says the Lord so the Lord stirred up the spirit of
so the Lord stirred up the spirit of
so the Lord stirred up the spirit of zerubbabel the son of shealtiel governor
zerubbabel the son of shealtiel governor
zerubbabel the son of shealtiel governor of judah and the spirit of joshua the
of judah and the spirit of joshua the
of judah and the spirit of joshua the son of josedech the high priest and the
son of josedech the high priest and the
son of josedech the high priest and the spirit of all the remnant of the people
spirit of all the remnant of the people
spirit of all the remnant of the people and they came and worked on the house of
and they came and worked on the house of
and they came and worked on the house of the lord of hosts their God on the 24th
the lord of hosts their God on the 24th
the lord of hosts their God on the 24th day of the sixth month in the second
day of the sixth month in the second
day of the sixth month in the second year of King Darius
year of King Darius
year of King Darius [Music]